Grandpa is not what you think
shut up
Zeyan is an emotional child
A woman full of lies like you is not for him
Grandpa, what do you mean?
Your mother Zhou Mei told me that you have a huge gambling debt outside
Didn't you approach Zeyan just for money?
Grandpa, do I look like I'm short of money?
Well this is
The Empire Star sent me a lie
But this Imperial Star is truly priceless
The Imperial Star enters the Li family
Who else in the jewelry industry dares to challenge us?
I agreed to this marriage
Hahahahaha
Who is the woman next to Mr. Li?
Isn't that beautiful?
Don't you know?
She belongs to Su Yaoan, the eldest lady of the Su family.
What!
That's the wedding scene
Su Yaoan who divorced in public
Today's banquet
I want to introduce you to my girlfriend
Su Yaoan
Li Zeyan is serious about this woman
Interesting.
You two have to develop well in the future
Let's not let me down
Grandpa, don't worry.
Li Zeyan is acting in front of his grandfather
After all, it's just a partnership between me and him
Why are you doing so many people?
Dare to snatch Li's Group from me
I'd like to take a look